Create Knative-with-EKS.md (#980)
knative/docs: install/Knative-with-EKS.md

> # Knative Install on Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS)

Reviewer: You'll want to add a link to this install guide from /install/README.md so that people can find it.

Reviewer: Can you make that change in this PR, instead of creating a new PR? @gerrito333

This guide walks you through the installation of the latest version of Knative
using pre-built images.

## Before you begin

Knative requires a Kubernetes cluster v1.11 or newer. This guide walks you

> through creating a cluster with the correct specifications for Knative on Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS).

Reviewer: Add in a link to Amazon EKS.

Reviewer: https://aws.amazon.com/eks/

Author: Done

## Creating a Kubernetes cluster

> Follow the instruction on: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html

Reviewer: The page you linked to has a lot going on, and I don't think all of it is necessary for someone to get started with Knative. I'd actually recommend pulling out the key steps to get the EKS cluster up and running and moving them into this guide. That's the value of the platform specific guides; they're intended to be a complete walk through of the steps necessary to get started with Knative. Compare this guide to the existing GKE guide -- it covers every config step necessary for creating a cluster on Google Cloud; that's what I think we should aim for with EKS.

Reviewer: GKE: https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/master/install/Knative-with-GKE.md

Author: Done

> # Knative Install on Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "Install on Amazon EKS"
linkTitle: "Amazon EKS"
weight: 15
type: "docs"
---
```

Reviewer: This is necessary for the page to show up properly on the website, knative.dev

    Take note of the ARN of the newly created role

1.  Replace cluster name, the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of your Amazon EKS service role and run the create cluster command:

    ```bash
    aws eks --region region create-cluster --name devel --role-arn arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/eks-service-role- AWSServiceRoleForAmazonEKS-EXAMPLEBKZRQR --resources-vpc-config subnetIds=subnet-a9189fe2,subnet-50432629,securityGroupIds=sg-f5c54184  
    ```

1. Update your kubectl configuration:

    ```bash
    aws eks --region region update-kubeconfig --name devel 
    ```
    
1.  create your worker nodes

    Select "Create Stack" 
    Enter the following template.
    For Choose a template, select Specify an Amazon S3 template URL.

    ```bash
    https://amazon-eks.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/cloudformation/2019-02-11/amazon-eks-nodegroup.yaml 
    ```
    
    Provide the stack name,cluster name, SecurityGroups, role ARN provided earlier.
    Select the ami for your region from the [NodeImageId table](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html#eks-launch-workers)
    

## Installing Istio

Knative depends on Istio.

1.  Install Istio:

    ```bash

>     kubectl apply --filename https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.4.0/istio-crds.yaml && \

Reviewer: Also needs to be updated to v0.5

    kubectl apply --filename https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.4.0/istio.yaml
    ```

    Note: the resources (CRDs) defined in the `istio-crds.yaml`file are also
    included in the `istio.yaml` file, but they are pulled out so that the CRD
    definitions are created first. If you see an error when creating resources
    about an unknown type, run the second `kubectl apply` command again.

1.  Label the default namespace with `istio-injection=enabled`:
    ```bash
    kubectl label namespace default istio-injection=enabled
    ```
1.  Monitor the Istio components until all of the components show a `STATUS` of
    `Running` or `Completed`:
    ```bash
    kubectl get pods --namespace istio-system
    ```

> It will take ca. 2 minutes for all the components to be up and running; you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will take a few minutes for all the components to be up and running; you can
```

rerun the command to see the current status.

> Note: Instead of rerunning the command, you can add `--watch` to the above
> command to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to
> exit watch mode.

## Installing Knative

The following commands install all available Knative components as well as the
standard set of observability plugins. To customize your Knative installation,
see [Performing a Custom Knative Installation](Knative-custom-install.md).

1. If you are upgrading from Knative 0.3.x: Update your domain and static IP
   address to be associated with the LoadBalancer `istio-ingressgateway` instead
   of `knative-ingressgateway`.  Then run the following to clean up leftover
   resources:
   ```
   kubectl delete svc knative-ingressgateway -n istio-system
   kubectl delete deploy knative-ingressgateway -n istio-system
   ```

> 1. Run the `kubectl apply` command to install Knative and its dependencies:

Reviewer: This should be updated to v0.5, like the other install guides.
